release: v1.58.0 (#6298)
apollographql/router: .changesets/maint_bnjjj_feat_854.md

### Add entity caching invalidation configuration metrics ([PR #6286](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6286))

> Add metrics for our analytics to know if invalidation is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've added metrics for our analytics to know if entity caching invalidation is enabled.
```
